253 add tutorial for custom rate constants (#254)
NCAR/micm: docs/source/user_guide/user_defined_rate_constant_tutorial.rst

.. _User defined rate constants:

User-Defined Rate Constants
###########################

This tutorial extends the :ref:`Rate constants` tutorial. That one showed how to use every type of rate constant
except the user-defined ones. The difference is that a user-defined rate constant must be updated by the user,
whereas the other rate constants update in response to a changing state. 

> Internal to MICM, user-defined rate constants determine provide the ability to represent 
> emissions, loss, and photolysis rates. These can be static and the same for each time step, or dynamically updated 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Internal to MICM, user-defined rate constants provide the ability to represent 
processes like emissions, loss, and photolysis that have rate constants that are calculated externally from MICM. These can be static and the same for each time step, or dynamically updated 
```
